You may be wondering what happens if we use a to instead of let for these loops right here.
Well since we already have our loops written now in a very convenient fashion we can just comment them
back in and kind of see what happens so I'll go ahead and comment this back in no element of do is change
the counter to a contest variable instead of a variable.
Now whenever I do this it does throw an error because once again once the value of a concert is set
A cannot be redefined.
And also because when I'm referencing Funk's this doesn't work.
So let me comment back in funk so the c word is funk songs songs and comment that back in and you can
see once again you can't really override something once it has been defined.
Now with that being said a kind of weird thing that does happen though is if we come in this out and
we use a four in or four of loop it actually does work.
So it's kind of a weird behavior.
So let me comment this back in element of do is change this to a concert and you'll see it does the
exact same thing that it did before.
So it makes no difference if it was a lead or a concert.
Let me go ahead and hit.
And it does the same thing hit a concert does the exact same thing.
So in other words if you use a concert variable with the regular for loop it's not going to work if
you use it with a four in or a four of loop.
It will work.
But in general just to keep it simple remember use lead with your four loops.